docs(core): update docs for new tasks runner opts (#19647)
nrwl/nx: docs/nx-cloud/reference/config.md

The Nx Cloud runner is configured in `nx.json`.

{% tabs %}
{% tab label="Nx >= 17" %}

```json
{
  "nxCloudAccessToken": "SOMETOKEN"
}
```

{% /tab %}
{% tab label="Nx < 17" %}

```json
"tasksRunnerOptions": {
    "default": {
      "runner": "nx-cloud",
      "options": {
        "accessToken": "SOMETOKEN"
      }
    }
  }
```

{% /tab %}
{% /tabs %}

## Cacheable Operations

> Only targets listed in `targetDefaults` with `"cache": true` can be cached using Nx Cloud and distributed using the distributed task execution (DTE). You can add new targets to that list.

Author: Cause you can't right now 😅, @stalkaltan is working on it.

> Only targets listed in `targetDefaults` with `"cache": true` can be cached using Nx Cloud and distributed using the distributed task execution (DTE). You can add new targets to that list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Targets can be marked as cacheable either in the `targetDefaults` in `nx.json` or in the project configuration by setting `"cache": true`.  With this option enabled they can be cached using Nx Cloud and distributed using distributed task execution (DTE).
```
